Add November Monthly Update (#69)
rubygems/rubygems.github.io: _posts/2020-12-09-november-rubygems-update.md

* fixed an intermittent spec failure. [#4060](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4060)
* fixed an issue with changelog generation. [#4059](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4059)
* fixed an issue with nested bundler invocations. [#4063](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4062)
* fixed a discrepancy between executing with or without bundle exec. [#4063](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4063)
* added more descriptive errors about default network errors. [#4061](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4061)
* fixed a CI issue that appeared under Windows. [#4068](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4068)
* merged a tweak to the bundle gem default skeleton. [#4066](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4066)
* Extend `gem` DSL with a `force_ruby_platform` option. [#4049](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4049)

In November, [RubyGems](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems) gained [58 new commits](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/compare/master@%7B2020-11-01%7D...master@%7B2020-11-30%7D), contributed by 10 authors. There were 816 additions and 426 deletions across 79 files.

## RubyGems.org News

> This month, we coordinated with Fastly support to enable Globalsign certs and AAAA records in our TLS config. We updated [RubyGems CLI gem signin](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/3840) according to changes requested in a review and also made the following fixes and improvements:

Reviewer: I am seeing the following, is it because of timezones?
![Screenshot-20201210103602-1248x144](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7680662/101724643-16ce5c80-3ad5-11eb-9539-8745941f44ea.png)

* added a new way to match RubyGems versions using the `build-arg` in docker image. [#2548](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2548)
* fixed failing tests in `shoulda-matchers` update and reported an issue of invalid objects should `belong_to` tests on `shoulda-matchers` repo. [#1375]( https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers/issues/1375)
* investigated `DelegationError` for ownership records with nil `user_id`.

> * resolved HO#200743 email spooling by setting DMARC policy to quarantine.

Author: Hi, @sonalkr132 Is there a way to link to a reference of `HO#200743` or provide more context about it. thanks.

Reviewer: >  Is there a way to link to a reference of HO#200743

Unfortunately, the report is private and even if I request to make it public, it won't become public in time to publish this update.

Perhaps following makes more sense:
> updated our DMARC policy to ensure that spoofed emails with rubygems.org in sender get marked as spam

Our report was the same as this https://hackerone.com/reports/182467 Feel free to incorporate what makes sense to you. `From Email` for us would be something@rubygems.org

Author: Alright, sure this makes sense to add. I wanted to provide more context for this update and this works.

> * resolved HO#795112 and disallowed duplicate canonical version numbers. [#2559](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2559)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* worked on a PR to resolve a HackerOne report, disallowing duplicate canonical version numbers. [#2559](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/pull/2559)
```

* read privacy policy of other package manager websites and researched the requirements for CCPA and GDPR.
* add `Pagerduty` integration for Cloudwatch ALB alerts.

As always, we continue to fix bugs, review and merge PR's and reply to support tickets.

> In November, [RubyGems.org](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org) gained [11 new commits](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems.org/compare/master@%7B2020-11-01%7D...master@%7B2020-11-30%7D), contributed by  authors. There were 63 additions and 4 deletions across 8 files.

Reviewer: I am seeing the following, is it because of timezones?
![Screenshot-20201210103602-1248x144](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7680662/101724643-16ce5c80-3ad5-11eb-9539-8745941f44ea.png)

Author: Thank you! Yeah, I see I will update the stats. When I ran the script it was the last week so some commits was missing.

---
title: November 2020 RubyGems Updates
layout: post
author: Gift Egwuenu
---

Welcome to the RubyGems monthly update! As part of our efforts at [Ruby Together](http://rubytogether.org/), we publish a recap of the work that we’ve done the previous month. Read on to find out what updates were made to RubyGems and RubyGems.org in November.

## RubyGems News

> In November, we worked on the [Bundler Version Locking RFC](https://github.com/rubygems/rfcs/pull/29) that allows a user to specify a required Bundler version in the Gemfile/gemspec with a working [proof of concept](https://github.com/rubygems/rfcs/pull/29#issuecomment-731333194). We added an `--all-platforms` flag that [optionally allows generating Windows binstubs from non-Windows platforms](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/3886) and also made the following improvements and fixes:

Author: Hi @deivid-rodriguez. Thanks for the suggestions as per your first comment I agree that having most of the text as links can be confusing. I'll use the PR number to indicate going forward.

* fixed a [missing require issue.](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4036)
* fixed a couple of [minor "Windows paths" issues](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4038, https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4039).
* fixed [gem specification `--platform`](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4043).
* merged a PR to fix a [bundle remove bug where it was removing comments](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4045).

> * temporarily delayed [resolving all Gemfile platforms automatically](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4052).

Reviewer 2: Just to clarify, this entry and the other one that I suggested to cut would be nice to mention in the first paragraph instead (together with the "Bundler Version Locking RFC"). Maybe something like

> We also made improvements to platform support by enabling the `specific_platform` functionality by default, and decided to delay the change to resolve all Gemfile platforms automatically.

> * temporarily delayed [resolving all Gemfile platforms automatically](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/pull/4052).

Author: Oh alright. I'll add this as well.
